Improve structs.md (#324)
crystal-lang/crystal-book: syntax_and_semantics/structs.md

end
```

Structs inherit from [Value](https://crystal-lang.org/api/Value.html) so they are allocated on the stack and passed by value: when you pass it to methods, return it from methods or assign it to variables, a copy of the value is actually passed (while classes inherit from [Reference](https://crystal-lang.org/api/Reference.html), are allocated on the heap and passed by reference). Therefore you should prefer using structs for immutable data types and/or stateless wrappers of other types, usually for performance reasons to avoid lots of small memory allocations when passing small copies might be more efficient (for more details, see the [performance guide](https://crystal-lang.org/docs/guides/performance.html#use-structs-when-possible)).

Mutable structs are still allowed, but you should be careful when writing code involving mutability if you want to avoid surprises that are described below.

## Passing by value

> A `struct` is _always_ passed by value, even when you return `self` from the method of that `struct`:

Reviewer: "struct" shouldn't have the code markdown here because you don't talk about the keyword `struct`, you talk about a struct.
```suggestion
A struct is _always_ passed by value, even when you return `self` from the method of that struct:
```

```crystal

> struct Point

Author: My intention was to continue with the same struct that was defined in the beginning of the page.

> struct Point

Reviewer 2: Yeah, that's true. I think I'd prefer to have self-contained examples (especially since it wouldn't add much duplicate code). But I'm fine with whatever you choose.

> struct Point

Author: Changed to self-contained example.

  def move_right
    @x += 1
    self
  end
end

p = Point.new(0, 0)

> puts p.move_right.move_right #=> Point(@x=2, @y=0)

Author: Perhaps then we should also remove `puts' from `puts p`?

> puts p.move_right.move_right #=> Point(@x=2, @y=0)

Author: The example was changed.

puts p                       #=> Point(@x=1, @y=0)
```

> Notice that the chained calls of `move_right` returned the expected result, but only the first call to it modified the point `p`, as the second call was operating on the _copy_ of the struct that was passed to it from the first call, and this copy was discarded after the result of the expression was printed.

Reviewer 2: Present tense reads better:
```suggestion
Notice that the chained calls of `move_right` return the expected result, but only the first call to it modifies the variable `p`, as the second call operates on the _copy_ of the struct passed to it from the first call, and this copy is discarded after printing the result of the expression.
```

Author: "and this copy is discarded after printing the result of the expression."
When we remove `puts` from the statement 
`puts p.move_right.move_right #=> Point(@x=2, @y=0)`
above, the ending of the sentence is not correct as it is not clear what 'printing' it talks about.

Reviewer 2: "discarded after the expression is executed" ?

Author: Changed in a new commit.

> Notice that the chained calls of `move_right` returned the expected result, but only the first call to it modified the point `p`, as the second call was operating on the _copy_ of the `struct` that was passed to it from the first call, and this copy was discarded after the result of the expression was printed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice that the chained calls of `move_right` returned the expected result, but only the first call to it modified the point `p`, as the second call was operating on the _copy_ of the struct that was passed to it from the first call, and this copy was discarded after the result of the expression was printed.
```

> You should also be careful when working on mutable types contained in the `stuct`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should also be careful when working on mutable types inside of the struct:
```

  object.array << "bar"
end

klass = Klass.new
puts modify(klass)  #=> ["new", "bar"]
puts klass.array    #=> ["new", "bar"]

strukt = Strukt.new
puts modify(strukt) #=> ["new", "bar"]
puts strukt.array   #=> ["str", "foo"]

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Redundant newline.

- the array referenced by `array` is modified (element inside it is added) by `object.array << "foo"`
- this is also reflected in the original `struct` as it holds reference to the same array
- `object.array = ["new"]` replaces the reference in the _copy_ of `strukt` with the reference to the new array
- `object.array << "bar"` appends to this newly created array
- `modify` returns the reference to this new array and its content is printed
- the reference to this new array was held only in the _copy_ of `strukt`, but not in the original, so that's why the original `strukt` only retained the result of the first statement, but not of the other two statements

`Klass` is a class, so it is passed by reference to `modify`, and `object.array = ["new"]` saves the reference to the newly created array in the original `klass` object, not in the copy as it was with the `strukt`.

## Inheritance

* A struct implicitly inherits from [Struct](http://crystal-lang.org/api/Struct.html), which inherits from [Value](http://crystal-lang.org/api/Value.html). A class implicitly inherits from [Reference](http://crystal-lang.org/api/Reference.html).

> * A struct cannot inherit from non-abstract struct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A struct cannot inherit from a non-abstract struct.
```
